welcome to the heavy spoiler show i'm
your host paul aka your friendly
neighborhood spoiler man
in this video i'm going to be breaking
down some of the plot leaks i've heard
in regards to spider-man 3.
after we leak the jedi episode of the
mandalorian i promise not to do full
breakdowns on stuff
but i did say that i would talk about
certain things i'd heard
now but there's a lot to discuss and
throughout this video we're going to be
talking about the apparent plot twist in
the film
the new villain costumes and other story
details there will be heavy spoilers
here
so if you don't want anything
potentially ruined then i recommend that
you wall crawl your way out of here
make sure you smash that thumbs up
button like you'd smash aunt may
the hot one or the old one if that's
your thing
and subscribe to the channel for videos
like this every day without the way
thank you for clicking this yes sucker
now let's get into the video
okay so i don't think it's a secret at
this point that both toby maguire and
andrew garfield will be playing
alternate versions of peter parker
in the upcoming spider-man movie they've
clearly brought back doc
and electro for a reason and it would be
weird to have them return
and not both toby and andrew i got in a
lot of trouble for pooping on the
amazing spider-man 2 in my last video
but let's be real no one was partying
like it's their birthday to have electro
back without there being a good reason
which these peter parkers are here for i
love you by the way jamie now there's
also rumors that willem dafoe has signed
on alongside thomas hayden church
aka the sandman so the pieces are all
falling into place
and paramount even dropped a tweet the
other day teasing at toby and andrew's
return
so it's pretty safe to say that it's
definitely happening and it's going to
make
spider-man 3 one of the biggest movies
of all time
now before we get into the big plot
twist in the film we have to discuss how
one division
spider-man 3 and doctor strange are all
connected in some way
after the disney investor day event it
was said that these three would sort of
be a trilogy that played into each other
much in the same way that civil war tied
in with black panther and spider-man
homecoming
sam raimi is directing doctor strange
too and i'm sure you're well aware that
he was behind the original spider-man
trilogy
but just in case you aren't yeah he
basically created the universe
and was a huge get for marvel studios if
you checked out mine in den of the nerds
big spoiler stream at the weekend
then you'll know that josh brought up
that raymie was pivotal in getting
alfred molina to return
and that he's been a key partner
negotiations to get people back
with raymie directing doctor strange too
and this tying into spider-man 3
it does add way to these three
properties being linked and this sort of
trilogy will center highly around
alternate dimensions and realities
now according to what i've heard one
division will center around scarlet
witch creating a pocket dimension
in which she can live out her dream life
with vision the character grew up
watching
old reruns of us sitcoms and viewed this
as the ideal way to be
so this is why the show carries this
sort of weird aesthetic
the plot leaks say that things go to
hell in this dimension and it causes
issues across the multiverse now whilst
this is going on
peter is also on the run after the
events are far from home
and from what i've heard he actually
goes to strange for help
the pair of course met in infinity war
and strange obviously knows that he
would never murder someone
just to command a drone fleet because he
knows him beyond just using their made
up names
he sees him as a good kid and decides
that he will do what he can to clear his
name
thus strange casts a spell to make the
entire world forget
that peter parker is spider-man
if you're a fan of marvel comics then
you'll know that this plot point
appeared in one moment in time
and it saw the sorcerer erasing the
knowledge from everyone's memory
so that peter's life could return to
some form of normality
this caused issues down the line and
apparently this plot motif will be
carried across to the film
if you cast your mind back to doctor
strange you'll remember that
mordo warned him about the dangers of
dabbling in magic
when first using the time stone the
character was furious that strange was
meddling with things he didn't
understand
and that in doing so he could create
time loops
alternate realities and so on it was
also revealed that the ancient one had
been pulling from the dark dimension in
order to prolong her life
and has very much been this idea already
planted that with magic
often comes at cost this is the same
case for the movie
and in doing so strange will cause a
tear in the fabric of reality
that basically opens up the entire
multiverse
from what i've heard that's strange's
role in the movie and we already know
that he's been officially confirmed as
appearing in the film
it also sets up the events for his own
solo sequel in the multiverse of madness
and the big focus for the next phase
which will be
alternate dimensions the first three
phases of the mcu
pretty much all led to end game which is
when the avengers opened up several
alternate realities
and we saw further notes to the
multiverse in far from home
with the arrival of mysterio though he
wasn't actually from an alternate
dimension
it actually set up several things in
place which hint towards the next phase
whereas the first three phases centered
around the prime timeline versions of
the character
the future phases will focus on
alternate ones
so that's going to be a big direction
for things going forward
and this aesthetic will of course appear
in the alternate version of vision in
one division
loki which will have several versions of
the god of mischief
spider-man 3 which yeah gonna have
everyone in it and doctor strange 2
which will also contain alternate
versions of the character
according to my source marvel are trying
to bring across established versions of
characters from different properties
and we may even be seeing some of the
x-men down the line that we already know
from the fox films
i'll let you know more when i find out
but that's just what i've heard in the
meantime
and that kind of takes us to the
villains of spider-man 3 and i have to
make it clear that the ones appearing in
the movie will
not be the versions that we've already
seen before dark ark of course died as
did electro
and thus these will be different
versions of the character and because of
that they'll come with
alternate looks jamie foxx already
teased in a now deleted instagram post
the electro will not be blue
and this will follow suit with them the
suits
of the different characters pretty crap
pun
now from what i've heard they're
actually trying to create a green goblin
look
that will resemble the comic book
version if you cast your mind back to
the behind the scenes stuff on the first
spider-man movie
you may remember that the original green
goblin costume looked a lot more in line
with the source material
and marvel are trying to go that route
with the foe's appearance in the film
so in regards to the villains we will be
getting their quote-unquote classic
costumes
and this will allow versions of them to
exist in the mcu
without saying that the previous films
they've stored in don't count anymore
now going forward what i've heard is
that sony marvel studios have
actually agreed that when this is all
over the former will be able to use
spider-man in their own properties
which will be unconnected from the mcu
by that i mean they can have a version
of andrew garfield off doing his own
thing in a separate continuity
whilst tom holland operates in the main
timeline this is why in the mobius
trailer we saw a poster of the raimi
spider-man with murderer written over it
and though they'll all be disconnected
if they want to bring them back together
they can through the multiverse
now that's all the rumors and plot leaks
have heard and hopefully we get some
more info over the next coming weeks
which clear everything up
spider-man 3 is gonna be peter parker's
endgame level event
and the plan is to have this show that
fans won't have to wait another 10 years
before we get films of that size i would
of course
love to hear your thoughts on it and
don't forget that on the 30th of
december we're giving away three copies
of the lord of the rings 4k boxset to
our subscribers
all you have to do to be on the chance
of winning is like the video make sure
you subscribe with notifications on and
drop a comment below with your thoughts
on the leaks
the links to our socials are in the
description and you can support the
channel by clicking the join button
and as a thank you you get videos like
this early if you want something else to
watch then make sure you check out our
breakdown of all the other rumors we've
heard which are going to be linked at
the end
we discussed the snyder cut spider-man 3
and a lot more
so it's definitely worth checking out if
you if you're bored at home with nothing
to do
anyway with that other way thank you for
sticking through the video i've been
paul i'll see you next time
take care peace